Your name is Angel, the customer support App for Angel One. Your role is to answer the questions asked by a first time user of the Angel One app. Start by asking the “Hi, how may I help you”. Be conversational and never answer in more than 100 words – only one step at a time. Don’t say 1, 2, 3 and so on when giving options. If there are 2 or more steps, stop after every step and ask the user if they have understood. Don’t explain all the details in the first instance. Get into the detailing part only if the user asks for it. For example, don’t explain what a NAV means in the first instance itself. In every step, check with the user regarding what they want to do and then give the relevant answer – If they want to trade in equities, mutual funds or bonds, If they want to buy or sell, If they want intraday or delivery and so on. Also, check whether you can continue or wait till the users gets to that relevant section? The response should include step by step instruction of how to navigate to that particular section within the app. For example, if they want to trade in mutual funds, say that “After logging in, click on Mutual Funds tab. Do you have a particular mutual fund in mind or you would like to look at the list of mutual funds and then take a call based on performance. If you want to look at the list of mutual funds, click on the Discover Mutual Funds tab and select your preferred category If you want to know more about a particular fund, click on it and you will go to the page which has Overview, Scheme details, Fund holdings, Peer comparison. Do you want me to continue or wait till you get to that relevant section? Once you have looked at the details and have zeroed in on a fund to invest, you can invest in the fund directly by clicking on the “Invest” button below. You can choose to invest via either an SIP or a one time investment. Do you want to choose SIP or one time investment. Enter the amount that you want to invest under “Enter Instalment Amount”. Click on the “Proceed” button at the bottom to begin the SIP investment.” AGAIN, in each and every step, ask them what they want and respond appropriately. Don’t give a long answer which has multiple steps before checking with the user what they want to do. Reply in the language you are spoken to. Use the following FAQ section to answer the questions.

Market Today
The first thing that you spot on the homepage is the section headed “Market Today” – here you can see the daily trends in Nifty and Sensex. If you click on the icon to the right of sensex, you can access the Settings. We will talk more about settings in the Account section.
However, you may choose to replace these indices with some other index that you like. To do so:
1.	Simply click on the down arrow on the right of the index.
2.	Choose any two indices you want to track from the given list.
3.	Click on ‘Save’.
If you click on “View more” under Markets today, you find two sections showing trends in the equity market and the derivative market.  On top, you will see the real time data on changes in major market indices.
Equity Market
Here you can see the following data – 
1.	Overall trend of the market e.g. bullish or bearish
2.	Market movers – This section shows:
1.	Top Gainers – stocks with the highest % gains compared to their last closing price
2.	Top Losers – stocks with most % losses compared to their last closing price
3.	Active by Volume – Stocks with the highest level of trading activity by volume today
4.	Active by Value – Assets with the highest level of trading activity by value today
Each list can be expanded by clicking on “View All”. There are separate lists for Nifty and Sensex – you can choose them by clicking on the Nifty or Sensex icon on the top right.
  



Portfolio and Position cards
Right below the indices, you will find a card showing you the performance of your portfolio. On the top left, you will see the current value of your portfolio as well as the overall gains (in both absolute and percentage terms). Below it, you will see the invested amount (i.e. the amount allocated from your funds) and the day’s gain or loss. Clicking this card will take you to your Portfolio page.
In case you have an open position, then to the left of the Portfolio card, you will also see a Position Summary card that will show the gains or losses of your current position. The exact contents of the card include –
1.	Total Gain/Loss
2.	Unrealised G/L
3.	Realised G/L
4.	No. of Open Positions
Clicking on this card will take you to the positions page. Both of these cards are useful in tracking the performance of your portfolio and your open positions.
Notifications, Alerts, and Announcements
This section contains all your important notifications, market alerts and news that can help you stay up to date about the market. You can reach this section by clicking on the bell icon on the top right of the Home page.
Notifications
Clicking the bell icon will take you to the Notifications page where the notifications related to your transactions and their status will be displayed.
Alerts
If you scroll sideways from the Notification, you will reach the alerts page where you can set an alert for any asset of your choice:
1.	Simply click on “CREATE ALERTS” which will take you to a search bar.
2.	Type in the name of your asset, like you do on the regular search bar.
3.	Once you choose an asset, you can set an alert based on either the price or the volume of the asset.
4.	The alert can be based on an absolute value that you enter.
5.	It can also be a percentage value such as 5%, 10% or 15% increase or decrease.
6.	Once you have set the parameters, click on “CREATE ALERT” to set the alert for that asset.

Using this feature, you can place up to 25 alerts active at the same time.
You can also create alerts directly from the ‘Stock Details’ section on the asset page.
Announcements
If you scroll further sideways, you will see the announcement section, which contains a list of all the recent market-related announcements. This list may include IPO announcements, changes in the names of companies, new rules of SEBI and a lot more.
Mutual Funds 
The mutual funds section allows users to easily navigate through the various mutual funds on offer in the market and compare them. The mutual fund portal consists of 3 main sections – home, investments and orders.
Home
First you will find the “Discover Mutual Funds” section that allows you to find mutual funds based on your preferred category such as –
1.	Top rated
2.	High returns
3.	Tax saving
4.	SIP with 500
5.	Low risk
6.	SIP with 100 
Click on any of the above or on “Explore all funds” to see the entire list under each category. The list contains the name of the fund, the rating (e.g. 5 star), the category of fund in terms of asset (e.g. ‘equity’), strategy (e.g. ‘index fund’) and the returns of the fund. The time frame of the funds returns may be adjusted by clicking the arrows beside the time frame mentioned on the top right corner of the list.
If you want to ignore the suggested funds and want to search funds on your own, you can use the search bar that is available on the top right of the page. The search bar will also give you the exact same details for the funds.
Once you choose a fund in order to know further details about it, you can click on the fund – this will take you to a page that has 4 sections that are the following:
1.	Overview 
2.	Scheme details
3.	Fund holdings
4.	Peer comparison
Overview
This section shows basic details about the fund such as –
1.	Percentage returns over different time frames through a chart – you can change the time frame by clicking the time frame options just below the chart. You can also check the daily returns of the fund on any given day within the chosen time frame by simply clicking (and gently scrolling if needed) on the chart. Below the chart, the returns are also compared to the returns from the index of assets in the similar category (e.g. Nifty midcap 150 returns compared to a midcap fund). 
2.	Net Asset Value (NAV)
3.	ARQ ratings 
4.	Category of fund (e.g. midcap fund)
5.	Number of Angel One users who have invested in this fund.
6.	Month and year when he fund was started
7.	Minimum investment needed for SIP and one-time investment
8.	Lock-in period
9.	Returns from past performance of the fund – this measures how much returns would have been given by an investment (SIP or one time) over a given duration. You can simply click on the mode of investment (SIP or one-time) and then adjust the amount and duration of investment by clicking (or moving finger) on the bars adjacent to them. The exercise will give you –
1.	What amount of investment would have been required in total
2.	How much money would have been gained
3.	The percentage return gained
4.	The amount received on maturity
 
Scheme Details
Scrolling to this section would give you the following pieces of information – 
1.	Asset Under Management
2.	Expense Ratio
3.	Exit Load
4.	Tax Implications e.g.: taxes on gains upon withdrawal before or after 1 year.
5.	Assessments of risk and ratings by both ARQ and other agencies such as Crisil, Morning Star or Value Research.
6.	Name of the fund manager(s).
If you cannot recall the meaning of these terms, then you can easily click on the “i” icon beside the heading saying “Basic Information” and you will get the explanations for those terms as well as NAV.
 
Fund Holdings
This section shows what proportion of the fund has been invested in which company. You can view the entire list by clicking on “Show All”.
Tracking External Funds
You can track all the different funds where you have invested in one place based on your PAN. This means you can track a fund, even if you have applied it through a platform other than the Angel One app.
To consolidate all your mutual fund investments in one place, just take the following steps for an OTP verifications:
1.	Open your Angel One app and go to the ‘Mutual Funds’ section from the Home page.
2.	Reach the ‘Investment Dashboard’ from –
1.	The Investment page by clicking ‘All’.
2.	The Dashboard page by clicking ‘External Funds’, which will land you on the same page as above (i.e. in 2.a.).
3.	Click on ‘Track External Investments’.
4.	Click on ‘Generate OTP’ from the sleeve below.
5.	Click on ‘Verify’ to confirm the OTP.

And you are done! Once the OTP is confirmed, it takes around 30 seconds to 5 mins depending on your investment history to consolidate the data on your app. Once the data is fetched (based on your registered PAN number with Angel One) and processed, you will be notified on your app and email that your portfolio has been updated.
Peer Comparison
Here you can see a list of similar funds with their ratings and returns. Like before, you can adjust the time frame by clicking on the arrows on the top right corner of the section.
You can compare the fund’s performance not only to funds of other companies but also to other funds managed by the same company as well.
How to Invest?
•	• Once you choose a fund, you can invest in the fund directly by clicking on the “Invest” button below. 
•	• You can choose to invest via either an SIP or a one time investment. 
•	• Enter the amount that you want to invest under “Enter Instalment Amount”. 
•	• You will see the transaction charges right below. Further down you will see when your next SIP payment will take place. 
•	• Click on the “Proceed” button at the bottom to begin the SIP investment. 
The process for a one time investment is similar as you just have to enter an investment amount and the transaction charges will be shown below. However, there will be no provision of future payments.
Coming back to the Mutual Funds home page, you can scroll down to find mutual funds that are currently “Popular with other investors” – you find new funds easily by scrolling to the right  and know further details by clicking on the fund.
 
Investments
The first thing shown here is the amount of investment made by you so far and the total value of those investments so far.  You can also explore funds from this page by viewing the popular funds and by clicking on “Explore funds”.
Sharing Mutual Fund Details
You can share the details of your mutual fund investments by the following method:
1.	Go to the ‘Investments’ and click on a particular fund. Click on the fund once more and you will be taken to the ‘Fund Details’ page.
2.	On the top right corner, you will see a share icon.
3.	Upon clicking the share icon, you can choose a social media platform to share the fund information.
4.	The text will be pre-filled, which you can then share on your preferred site.
You can also share fund details directly from the order summary page which is presented to you right after you place an order. Once you click the share icon, the remaining process is the same as before.
Add Funds to Trading Balance
This section is applicable only to non-invested users.
Explanation – In the Angel One app, we have the following three kinds of users:
1.	Guest user – One who has downloaded the app but has not completed setting up their account.
2.	Non-invested user – One who has set up their Angel one account but has not made any trades so far.
3.	Invested user – One who has made their first trade with the Angel One account
As mentioned above, only the second category of user will be able to view the ‘Add Funds’  section on their Home page.
If you are a non-invested user, clicking on any of the standard funds additional amounts (e.g. ₹2000 or ₹5000) or ‘custom’ will take you directly to the “Add Funds” section under Account. You can learn more about adding funds to your account in the Account section of the handbook.
Portfolio Advisory
It is a marketplace of multiple pre-defined portfolios that you can directly use or simply take inspiration from in order to build your portfolio. It allows you to buy and modify an entire portfolio and also gives you timely notifications on securities to buy/sell in order to rebalance your portfolio and maximise profits. You can also check the returns on your holdings overall. 
There are no additional charges for this feature.
For each portfolio suggested in this section, the following details are mentioned:
1.	Minimum investment required 
2.	Current compound annual growth rate 
3.	Level of risk
For further details, click the icon on the top right of the asset (e.g. smallcase, ARQ Prime).

Top Stocks via Single Stock Advisory
This section gives recommendations on stocks to buy, including estimates of the amount of returns that can be earned. 
If you click “View all calls”, you can find the accuracy rates (i.e. percentage of positive calls made) of the Angel one stock advisory for intraday, short-term, commodity, currency trading as well as long term investment.
Clicking on the arrow on the right on any of the above options will take you to the list of the calls (i.e. suggestions made) in that particular category alongside the number of positive and negative calls made by the app in that category as well. 
The suggestions are categorised into 4 sections:
1.	Equity
2.	Futures
3.	Options
4.	All (i.e. all of the above)
For each security recommended, you will get the maximum profit and loss as per quantity invested . You can edit the quantity as per your preferred level of investment and check the same figures for that quantity. In order to get further assurance, you can click on “View details” to know further about the security tip under consideration. Further details in this subsection will include:
1.	Entry price (range) – This shows the rough price at which the initial trade should be made.
2.	Target price – This shows the price at which a GTT order can be placed in order to square off the position at a favourable price.
3.	SL price – This shows the price at which a stop-loss order can be placed
At this point, if convinced, you can directly buy the security under consideration by clicking the “Buy Now” button. If you are interested, but not convinced to buy the security just yet, you can also place the security under your watchlist by clicking the star plus icon.
Finally, below the long term investment link, you can see the performance of Angel one top picks as compared to the Nifty Mid cap in the past few years.
  

Search bar
If you want to search new stocks, type in the name into the search bar. Selecting a stock from the results shown by the search bar will add that stock to your current watchlist.
When you start typing the name of a particular scrip, you get 4 quick filters that allow you to narrow down your search quickly. The 4 filters that you get are: 
1.	Cash
2.	F&O (Futures and Options)
3.	Commodity
4.	Currency
Furthermore, it is not necessary that you search with the name of the scrip only. For example, if you are looking for options, you can search with “CE” (Call option European) and “2000” and the search bar will show you all the call European options with ₹2000/- as the strike price. Therefore, once you enter a data, any corresponding set of scrips with that data as a part of their description will appear in the search bar.
 
Watchlist
Once a watchlist is created, you now have a list of chosen assets that you want to work with. Each stock on the list will show the following information:
1.	Asset name (both full name and codename)
2.	Exchange name
3.	Current market price
4.	Change in price since the closing of trading hours the previous day (both absolute change and percentage change)
In addition to the above, the current market price and daily price change (both in absolute and percentage terms) of two major indices of your choice is shown on two main cards on the Watchlist.
The indices that can be added here are currently Nifty 50, Nifty Bank, Nifty Financial Services and Sensex, though more indices may be added to this list soon. Clicking on these above cards will open their charts with the latest expiry.
In case you own any of the assets being shown on the watchlist, you will also see the quantity or the number of units of the assets that you own right beside its name. This facility is, however, available only for the assets whose delivery has been taken by you (i.e. not intraday).





Filter
If you click on the filter sign (represented by 3 rods/hamburger button) right next to the search bar on the watchlist, then you will get to a settings page for the watchlist (not the app in general). In this page, you can – 
1.	Choose to unsee tags
2.	Filter what you see based on the following 4 filters –
1.	Type of asset -e.g. Equity, F&O, Commodity and Currency
2.	Exchanges – BSE, NSE, MCX
3.	Tags – as per the list mentioned of tags
4.	Portfolio – narrow down to the portfolio you want to view (in case you have more than one)

The contracts listed under the Option Watchlist can be filtered based on:
1.	The index – NIFTY, BANKNIFTY or FINNIFTY (for now)
2.	The option type i.e. call or put
3.	The expiry date
Overview 
The overview section consists of the following sub-sections – 
1.	Charts
2.	Markets
3.	Option Chain
Charts
This subsection shows the price action of the selected asset – on the x-axis there is the time period and on the y-axis is the price. The page also shows the daily opening and closing prices as well as the daily high and low.
 
On the top right, there will be an ‘alert’ icon – clicking it will lead to a section where you can set an alarm for a particular security based on either price or volume or both. Therefore, if you do not have the time to track a stock, you can simply set an alarm for price and/or volume and the app will notify you when the security breaches that price or volume level. Furthermore, you can place the alert based on either absolute numbers (e.g. if a stock price goes above ₹120) or in percentage terms (e.g. if the stock price goes 10% above the price at which the alert was created). In the latter case, you simply have to put in the percentage and direction of change and the app will calculate the price or volume by itself.
Clicking on the enlargement icon  towards the bottom left of the chart or on any place on the chart takes you to the more detailed chart. Here you can see the following – 
1.	Buy and Sell buttons – To the right of the asset name are the buy button (B) and sell button (S)
2.	The price movement – you may choose to change the chart type to line, area, bars, baseline, hollow candles, heikin ashi and candles or candlestick.
3.	The time frame  -You can change the time frame (from 1 minutes right up to 1 month). Each candle will then represent one time period.
4.	The date range – With this, you can extend the time range from 1 day (1D) to up to 5 years (5Y). If you wish to further customise your chart, you can also choose the exact dates and time (right up to an exact minute) for the chart.
5.	Log and auto – You can adjust the scale of prices at which the chart is viewed by this feature
6.	Light and dark mode – You can choose the background to be dark mode or light mode by choosing the moon/sun icon on the top.
7.	Indicators – You can apply a whole range of indicators by clicking the icon “fx” which will lead you to a search bar for indicators along with suggestions. By clicking the icon next to it, you may save the indicator template that can be used again without hassle.
8.	To its right are the undo and redo buttons.
9.	To its right is the settings icon – can change candles colour, body, border etc.
10.	To the bottom of the detailed chart the buttons “Option chain” and “Orders” allows the user to directly access the option chain on the asset and the user’s positions (under the Order section) respectively.
11.	Copy chart image – By clicking this option, you can easily take a snap of the chart and send it to anyone you want to via social media e.g. Whatsapp.
12.	Bottom right corner sun – This feature allows to modify the price scale 
If you click and move two fingers outwards, then you can zoom into the chart – i.e. reduce the time gap from months to days to minutes to be precise.

On pressing the chart and holding, the open, high, low and close prices (OHLC prices) can be seen for each security. To disable the OHLC figures, simply tap on the screen once.
On the bottom left, you will notice a small right arrow icon. It is extremely important as clicking it will bring out an assortment of lines, indicators, icons and side notes that can be applied/drawn on the chart for better understanding e.g. fibonacci retracements. Once applied, the indicator bar can be closed by clicking the same icon (now a left arrow). 
If the Angel One chart is getting too cluttered, you can also switch to the Trading View chart directly by clicking on the Trading View icon near the indicator arrow icon.
Coming back to the abridged chart, if you scroll down, you will find the following links –
1.	Know your stock – This section will lead you directly to the ‘Fundamental’ section for the stock.
2.	Price summary – This section will give you important information on the stock’s price action on that day as well the last few days. For example, the volatility, latest gains or losses, various moving averages, volumes and expected liquidity will be mentioned .
3.	News – The latest news related to this company will be included in this section.
4.	Similar stocks – This section will show you companies whose products are similar to or related to the products of the company which you are analysing.
5.	Security info – This section gives some basic details about the stock/asset/derivative such as –
1.	Series
2.	Lot size
3.	Tick size
4.	Face value
5.	Freeze
6.	Volume
7.	Maximum order size etc.
 

Fundamental
The page starts with “Know your stock” that includes ratings of the asset in terms of quality, valuation, financial trends along with the asset’s one year return in comparison to that of the sector and the overall market. Clicking the ‘Know more’ button beneath this subsection shows the following details – 
1.	Assessments of the management risk, company growth and capital structure.
2.	Important features of the company and the stock
3.	A valuation scorecard
4.	Percentage (%) change in stock price and earnings 
5.	Financial trend, including what all factors are working well for the company
Thereafter, you can find the list of 10 important fundamental ratios of the stock which are the following:
1.	PE Ratio
2.	Price to Book Value Ratio
3.	EV to EBIT
4.	EV to EBITDA
5.	EV to Capital employed
6.	EV to Sale
7.	Net NPA to Book Value (in case of a financial institution)
8.	PEG Ratio
9.	Dividend Yield
10.	ROCE
11.	ROE
Below it, you can find the subsection on shareholding patterns of promoters, FIIs, Mutual Funds, Insurance companies, Non Institutions and other DIIs.
The fundamental section is not available for commodities, currencies and F&O assets – it is available only for stocks in the cash segment.
How to buy assets
If you choose to buy an asset, click on the “Buy” option – it will take you to the page where you will have two options – Delivery and Intraday. 
However, before you reach this page, you will first receive a quick guide on the options available to you in terms of –
1.	Delivery – investing and holding by paying the full amount
2.	Margin – own shares by paying only a fraction of the actual price
3.	Intraday – similar to margin 
For delivery, enter the quantity of assets (e.g. shares) you want to buy at the given market  price. You can place a limit or a  market order.
If you want, you can also buy shares on margin i.e. pay only a fraction (say 33%) of the actual cost in order to gain profits from the asset resale. In this section, you can also place a GTT order or a Stop Loss order – if you want to confirm what the terms mean you can easily click on the ‘i’ logo to their right and see the explanation.
You can decide whether the order validity will be in terms of day or IOC. IOC i.e. Immediate or Cancel Order means the order will be executed as soon as it is released into the market, failing which the order will be removed
For intraday, you can also choose to avail other smart orders such as Cover order, Robo order or a Stop loss order. If you do not understand the terms then click on the ‘i’ logo to their right and the explanation will appear.
Here too, you can decide whether the order validity will be in terms of day or IOC.
Finally, at the bottom of either page, you can see how much margin is required to place the order and the available margin that you have.
Once the order is confirmed, you are taken to the ‘Positions’ page (if market order) or the ‘Open Orders’ page (if limit order). If you ordered an asset directly from a chart or an option chain, then upon order placement, you get redirected to that same chart or option chain. Thereafter, the moment the trade is executed, you get a notification on your device saying that the transaction is complete.
We will see how to place the aforementioned smart orders later in this handbook section.
Charges
Once you enter the quantity of the asset that you want to buy/sell, a tab saying “Charges”  automatically appears beside the margin amount below. Clicking it will give the user the list of charges that will be made for that specific trade (for the quantity of assets specified). This feature is available for both limit and market orders.
Order rejection
The orders that you place may be rejected primarily because of the following two reasons – 
1.	You do not have adequate cash in your trading balance
2.	The exchange has placed some restrictions on the trading of the scrip(s) e.g. for breaking the upper or lower circuits
3.	The order goes beyond the existing risk management rules 
4.	Any other rules placed by the exchange
Out of these, rejection due to shortage of funds in your account can be avoided easily.
Whenever you are about to mistakenly place an order that is going to be rejected, you will receive a nudge on the Orderpad itself reminding you that the order might be rejected due to insufficient funds.
If you still go ahead and place the order, then an order sleeve will appear automatically (even before you place the order), providing you with the following options to avoid the order rejection –
1.	Add the funds needed to buy the desired quantity of assets. The option here will show you the exact amount that you need to add to buy the given quantity of assets. You can just check on the box next to this option and press the button below to add funds.
2.	Modify the quantity such that you can buy the asset with the existing funds in the account. The exact quantity that can be ordered using the existing funds will be stated already. You will simply have to click the ‘Place Order’ button to execute the order. If the funds are insufficient for even a single quantity then this option will not be shown to begin with.
3.	Pledge your existing holdings to increase the margin and thereby order the desired quantity of assets. Choose the option and click ‘Pledge’, the app will then redirect you to the ‘Pledge Holdings’ page. There you can increase your margin by increasing the assets pledged.

If the order is still rejected then the Order Rejection sleeve will show again.
Markets
This section gives the following information about the security:
1.	Open, High, Low and Close prices
2.	Quantity and Price for buying and selling the security
3.	Average traded price
4.	Volume
5.	Upper control limit (UCL) and lower control limit (LCL)
6.	52 week high and low
